In 2022, humanity finally...
created a complete virtual environment.
It's time for this week's episode of MMO Stream!
Earlier, we showed you a promotional video.
Could this be from last week's launch day?
End of Line
What were all these people waiting in line for?
That's right, Sword Art Online!
Good going scalpers
m9(^д^)Pew!...
Oh snap, that's me!
That's right, Sword Art Online!
Post Comment
Time to pay 3x the price
If I didn't have work...
Me waaant!!!
They have the meat
Can I get it at an auction?
Otaku creeps!
So they won.....
I'm jelly.........
The people at the front of the line queued up a whole three days before the launch.
Oh snap, that's me!
m9(^д^)Pew!...
Good going scalpers
Only a few more seconds!
Time to pay 3x the price
If I didn't have work...
Me waaant!!!
They have the meat
Can I get it at an auction?
Good going scalpers
Otaku creeps!
So they won.....
m9(^д^)Pew!...
I'm jelly.........
The people at the front of the line queued up a whole three days before the launch.
Post Comment
I'm soooo pumped!!!
Only a few more seconds!!
Time to pay 3x the price
If I didn't have work...
Me waaant!!!
They have the meat
Can I get it at an auction?
Good going scalpers
Otaku creeps!
So they won.....
m9(^д^)Pew!...
The people at the front of the line queued up a whole three days before the launch.
Post Comment
What does SAO stand for?
I'm soooo pumped!!!
Only a few more seconds!!
Time to pay 3x the price
If I didn't have work...
Me waaant!!!
They have the meat
Can I get it at an auction?
Good going scalpers
Otaku creeps!
So they won.....
The people at the front of the line queued up a whole three days before the launch.
Post Comment
Amazing!
So they won.....
Otaku creeps!
Good going scalpers
Can I get it at an auction?
They have the meat
Me waaant!!!
If I didn't have work...
Time to pay 3x the price
Only a few more seconds!!
I'm soooo pumped!!!
What does SAO stand for?
bidding at the auctions
You should see what they're
You should see what they'rebid
What does SAO stand for?
I'm soooo pumped!!!
Only a few more seconds!!
Time to pay 3x the price
If I didn't have work...
Me waaant!!!
They have the meat
Can I get it at an auction?
Good going scalpers
Otaku creeps!
Post Comment
Amazing!
That's what any true gamer would do, though!
Post Comment
Otaku creeps!
Good going scalpers
Can I get it at an auction?
They have the meat
Me waaant!!!
If I didn't have work...
Time to pay 3x the price
Only a few more seconds!!
I'm soooo pumped!!!
What does SAO stand for?
You should see what they'rebid
You should see what they're
bidding at the auctions
a countdown soon?
Is there gonna be
You should see what they'rebid
bidding at the auctions
You should see what they're
You should see what they'rebid
What does SAO stand for?
I'm soooo pumped!!!
Only a few more seconds!!
Time to pay 3x the price
If I didn't have work...
Me waaant!!!
They have the meat
Can I get it at an auction?
Good going scalpers
Post Comment
That's what any true gamer would do, though!
Kayaba     Akihiko
Project Director
« Sword Art • Online »
That's what any true gamer would do, though!
Kayaba     Akihiko
Project Director
« Sword Art • Online »
That's what any true gamer would do, though!
Kayaba     Akihiko
Project Director
« Sword Art • Online »
That's what any true gamer would do, though!
Kayaba     Akihiko
Project Director
« Sword Art • Online »
That's what any true gamer would do, though!
On today's MMO Stream, we'll be covering the
world-famous Sword Art Online, or SAO for short!
Truth be told, none of the NerveGear software so far
have really taken advantage of the hardware.
Onii-chan.
Yeah! There, I said it!
I'm heading out for club activities.
But SAO was produced by Kayaba Akihiko, who also invented the NerveGear.
What's more, it's going to be the best Virtual MMORPG ever!
Every beta tester said it was incredible.
I wanted a copy too!
Only 10,000 copies were available in the first round.
It completely sold out online in seconds.
And as you saw in the footage earlier,
hardcore fans bought all the store copies—
Link Start!
I've finally returned...
...to this world!
1st Floor • Town of Beginnings
So like, we really oughta...
Hey, let's form a party.
Gee, I dunno...
Come on, it'll be fun!
Hey!
You there!
Me?
You move like you've been here before.
You were in the beta test, right?
Y-Yeah.
This is my first day here.
Show me the ropes, okay?
U-Uh...
I'm begging you!
I'm Klein. Nice to meet you.
I'm Kirito.
1st Floor • Town of Beginnings, West Field
Right in the crotch...
You're overreacting.
You shouldn't feel any pain.
Oh, yeah.
Just a habit, I guess.
I told you.
What's important is your initial motion input.
Sure, I get that...
But it keeps moving around.
If you start the motion correctly and activate a sword skill,
the system will ensure that the technique connects.
Motion... Motion...
How should I put it?
Just build up the attack for a bit,
and when you feel the skill begin to activate, let it explode.
Explode?
All right!
Congrats.
However...
That boar would be equivalent to, say, slimes in another game.
Huh, seriously?!
I thought it was a mid-level boss or something.
Of course not.
Addictive, isn't it?
Yeah!
There are lots of skills, right?
Like blacksmithing and stuff?
Yeah.
I hear there's an unlimited number of skills.
On the other hand, there's no magic.
An RPG without magic?
That's a bold decision.
Isn't it more fun to actually move your body when fighting?
Absolutely!
Okay, next one.
Yeah, let's keep it going!
No matter how much I stare at all this, I still can't believe we're in a game.
The guy who made it is a genius.
It's amazing.
I'm so glad I was born in this era.
You make a big deal out of everything.
It's my first Full Dive!
Is this your first time playing a NerveGear game, then?
It's more like I rushed out and
bought the hardware just to play SAO.
I was really lucky to get one of
the ten thousand first-press copies.
But hey, you got into the beta test,
which makes you ten times luckier.
Only a thousand people had that chance.
I guess so.
So, how far did you make it in the beta?
I only managed to get to the 8th floor in the two months.
One month should be more than enough this time, though.
You're really into this.
Truth be told, during the beta testing period,
SAO was all I thought about, day and night.
You can go anywhere you want
in this world with a single blade.
This may be a virtual world, but I feel
more alive here than I do in the real world.
Well, want to hunt some more?
Of course!
I'd love to...
...but I'm starving.
I'm logging out.
Eating food in this world only tricks you into thinking you're not hungry.
I've already ordered some hot pizza to arrive at 5:30pm.
You're well-prepared.
Yup!
Well, I'll log right back in after I'm done eating.
I see.
Hey.
I'm meeting up later with some people I got to know from another game.
How about friending them too?
If you don't want to, that's okay.
I'll introduce you some other time.
Yeah, sorry.
Thanks.
Nah, I'm the one who's thankful.
I'll repay you for all this sometime.
Mentally.
Thanks so much, man.
I'll see you around.
If you have any other questions, just let me know.
Yeah, I'll do that!
Huh?
There's no logout button.
Look closer.
I still can't find it.
It's at the bottom of the main menu...
See? It's not there.
No, it isn't.
Well, it's the first day out of beta.
There are bound to be some bugs.
I'm sure the server people are freaking out.
You'll freak out in a bit too.
It's 5:25pm.
My teriyaki and mayo pizza and ginger ale!
Just hurry up and give a Game Master a call.
I've already tried that, but nothing's happening.
Is there any other way to log out?
No.
A player has to go through the menu to log themselves out.
That's ridiculous.
There's gotta be some way.
Return!
Log out!
Break out!
I told you.
There wasn't an emergency logout method in the manual either.
Hey, you're kidding, right?
I know. I'll just rip the NerveGear off my head.
You can't.
We can't move our real bodies.
The NerveGear intercepts every signal
your brain sends to your body right here.
Seriously?
So we have no choice but to wait for them to fix the bug?
Or for someone in the real world to
remove the NerveGear from our heads.
I live by myself, though.
What about you?
I live with my mom and younger sister,
so I think they'll notice by dinnertime...
H-How old is your sister?
Sh-She's in a sports club, and she hates games.
She has nothing in common with people like us—
Who cares—
Oh right, it doesn't hurt.
That aside, don't you find this weird?
Sure I do.
It's a bug.
It's more than just a bug.
The inability to log out will have serious repercussions on the game's future.
You're right, now that you mention it.
They could just shut down the server and log everyone out in situations like this.
But there hasn't even been an announcement...
What's happening?
I don't know.
A forced teleport?
Up there.
That's...
What's that?
A Game Master?
Why doesn't he have a face?
Is this an event?
I'm scared...
Don't worry.
It's just part of the opening ceremony.
Players, welcome to my world.
"My world"?
I am Kayaba Akihiko.
I am currently the only person who can control this world.
Kayaba     Akihiko
Project Director
« Sword Art • Online »
Is that really him?
He must've spent a lot of time on this.
I trust that you have already noticed the
logout button is missing from the main menu.
However, this is not a game malfunction.
I repeat.
This is not a game malfunction, but
an original feature of Sword Art Online.
A-A feature?
You cannot log out of SAO on your own.
No one on the outside will be able to
shut down or remove the NerveGear.
Should this be attempted,
the transmitter inside the NerveGear will
emit a powerful burst of microwave radiation,
destroying your brain and thus ending your life.
What?
Come on, enough already.
Let's go.
Hey, I can't leave!
What's he talking about?
He's gotta be nuts.
Right, Kirito?
He's right. The transceiver's microwave signals are just like those in a microwave oven.
If the limiter were disabled, it could fry our brains.
Why don't we just cut the power, then?
No, the NerveGear has an internal battery.
That's just messed up!
What's going on?!
Unfortunately, the friends and family members of several players have ignored this warning
and attempted to remove the NerveGear.
As a result, 213 players have permanently
retired in both Aincrad and the real world.
213 players?
I don't believe it...
I don't believe it at all!
As you can see, news organizations across the world are reporting on this incident and the many deaths.
Deaths caused by online game continue to rise
More Victims in Nagoya
Thus, you can now assume the danger of having your NerveGear removed to be greatly reduced.
Please relax and work hard to clear the game.
However, do take note of this.
You can no longer respawn in this game.
Once your HP reaches zero,
your avatar will be permanently erased.
At the same time...
...the NerveGear will destroy your brain.
You need only fulfill one condition to set yourselves free—
clear the game.
You are currently on the 1st floor, the lowest level of Aincrad.
Make your way through each dungeon and defeat
the Floor Boss, and you will advance to the next level.
Defeat the final boss on the
100th floor, and you will clear the game.
Clear?
What's he talking about?
E-Easier said than done!
Clear a hundred floors?
That's impossible.
The beta testers never made it anywhere near that far!
And finally,
you can find a gift from me in your item storage.
Please check for yourselves.
Mirror
A mirror?
Klein?!
You okay, Kirito?
Y-Yeah...
Who are you?
And who are you?
You're a guy?!
You were lying about being seventeen?!
Which means...
You're Kirito?!
You're Klein?!
How?
That scan...
The NerveGear traces your entire face with its high-density sensor.
That's how it knows what your face looks like.
But what about our height and body shape?
When we first used the NerveGear, we had to calibrate it.
Remember? You had to touch your body all over.
I-I see. That must be how it got the data.
But... But...
Seriously, why?
Why is this happening?
I'm sure he'll tell us soon enough.
All of you must be wondering why.
Why would Kayaba Akihiko, the creator of
Sword Art Online and the NerveGear, do all this?
My goal has already been achieved.
I wanted to create my own world that I could observe and admire.
That is why I made Sword Art Online.
Kayaba...
And now, it has all been fulfilled.
This ends the tutorial for the official Sword Art Online launch.
I wish every player the best of luck.
This is reality.
Kayaba Akihiko, the genius who created
the NerveGear and a complete virtual environment.
I admired him, so I get it.
Kayaba     Akihiko
Project Director
« Sword Art • Online »
What he said was the truth.
『Sword Art Online』 Programmer Kayaba Akihiko
This is a game, but it's not just something you play.
What he said was the truth.
If I die in this world...
I'll die for real.
No...
No!
Screw you!
Let me out! Let me out of here!
I can't stay here! I'm meeting up with someone after this!
What's your problem?!
Let us out!
Tell us it's a lie!
Somebody!
Somebody do something!
Come with me, Klein.
Listen to me.
I'm heading to the next village right now.
Come with me.
If what he said is true, then we must train ourselves up as much as possible in order to survive in this world.
The resources within a Virtual MMORPG,
the money and EXP we can earn, are limited.
The fields surrounding the
Town of Beginnings will soon be picked clean.
For efficiency's sake, we should head to
the next village now and set up camp there.
I know the way and all the dangerous areas.
We can get there safely even at Level 1.
But... But you know...
My gaming friends and I spent days in line to buy and play this.
They're in the plaza somewhere.
I can't leave them behind.
If it were just Klein...
But two more...
Or even one more...
Sorry.
I really shouldn't be asking you for anything more.
So don't worry about me and just go to the next village.
I used to lead a guild in my last game.
I'll get by somehow with the stuff you taught me.
All right.
We'll part here, then.
Send me a message if anything happens.
Will do.
Well, see you, Klein.
Kirito!
Hey.
Kirito.
You actually have a pretty cute face.
I like it a lot.
And that unkempt face of yours suits you ten times better.
I... I...
I'll definitely survive...
...in this world!